Add documents for backup, redeployment and observability (#21)
canonical/opencti-operator: docs/how-to/observability.md

> # How to Integrate with COS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to integrate with COS
```

The OpenCTI charm exposes standard [COS](https://charmhub.io/topics/canonical-observability-stack)
integration endpoints. These include the `metrics-endpoint` [endpoint](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/application/#application-endpoint), 
which can be integrated with the [`prometheus-k8s` charm](https://charmhub.io/prometheus-k8s)
for Prometheus metrics and alert rules; the `grafana-dashboard` endpoint, which
can be integrated with the [`grafana-k8s` charm](https://charmhub.io/grafana-k8s)
to provide the OpenCTI Grafana dashboard; and the `logging` endpoint, which can

> be integrated with the [`loki-k8s` charm](https://charmhub.io/loki-k8s) for 
> exporting logs from both the OpenCTI platform and OpenCTI workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be integrated with the [`loki-k8s` charm](https://charmhub.io/loki-k8s) to 
export logs from both the OpenCTI platform and OpenCTI workers.
```

> exporting logs from both the OpenCTI platform and OpenCTI workers.

Reviewer: Nitpick: This sentence may work better as a list, i.e., modify to say `These include:` followed by a bulleted list of the available integration endpoints.

Author: That's a good idea! Updated to use a list for endpoints.
